Clarify directory creation instructions (#1881)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/induction/cyf-folder/index.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make a folder called `{{<our-name>}}` in your home directory. Store all your work for the course in this folder.

You'll need to create a {{<our-name>}} folder to store your projects on the course. You can do this any way you like (e.g. through a file explorer, or using the terminal.)

<details>

<summary>If you want to create the folder using the terminal, expand these instructions.</summary>

1. Open a terminal on your computer.

For each of the steps below, you'll need to use the command line in your terminal.

Use this [cli documentation](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/16-terminal-commands-every-user-should-know/) to remember terminal commands.

> 2. In your terminal, print your current working directory (by running `pwd`). Make sure you're in your home directory. If you're not, you may need to **c**change **d**irectory with the command `cd` to your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your terminal,  **p**rint your current **w**orking **d**irectory (by running `pwd`). Make sure you're in your home directory. If you're not, you may need to **c**change **d**irectory with the command `cd` to your home directory.
```

3. **M**a**k**e a new **dir**ectory called `{{<our-name>}}` in your home directory (by running `mkdir {{<our-name>}}`).

4. Check that the directory got created by **l**i**s**ting the children of the directory (by running `ls`) - you should see `{{<our-name>}}` there.

5. **C**hange **d**irectory into the `{{<our-name>}}` directory by running `cd {{<our-name>}}`.

> 6. Double check you're in the right place by **p**rinting your current **w**orking **d**irectory (by running `pwd`).

Reviewer: Just bugging me - can we move the `**p**rinting your current **w**orking **d**irectory` bolding to point 2 where it's first spoken about?

> 6. Double check you're in the right place by **p**rinting your current **w**orking **d**irectory (by running `pwd`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Double check you're in the right place by printing your current working directory again (`pwd`).
```
